Qute type-safe messages - change the default bundle name strategy (#31299)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/qute-reference.adoc

<3> `Lucie` is the parameter of the message bundle interface method.  
<4> It is also possible to obtain a localized message for a key resolved at runtime using a reserved key `message`. The validation is skipped in this case though.

==== Default Bundle Name

The bundle name is defaulted unless it's specified with `@MessageBundle#value()`.
For a top-level class the `msg` value is used by default.
For a nested class the name starts with `msg` followed by an undercore, followed by the simple names of all enclosing classes in the hierarchy (top-level class goes first) seperated by underscores.

For example, the name of the following message bundle will be defaulted to `msg_Index`:

[source,java]
----
class Index {

    @MessageBundle

>     interface Bundle {

Reviewer: It would be nice to document what's the expected .properties file name in this case

Author: Ok, I can move the `NOTE: The bundle name is also u....` from the following section here...

<3> `Lucie` is the parameter of the message bundle interface method.  
<4> It is also possible to obtain a localized message for a key resolved at runtime using a reserved key `message`. The validation is skipped in this case though.

==== Default Bundle Name

The bundle name is defaulted unless it's specified with `@MessageBundle#value()`.
For a top-level class the `msg` value is used by default.

> For a nested class the name starts with `msg` followed by an undercore, followed by the simple names of all enclosing classes in the hierarchy (top-level class goes first) seperated by underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a nested class the name starts with `msg` followed by an underscore, followed by the simple names of all enclosing classes in the hierarchy (top-level class goes first) separated by underscores.
```

For example, the name of the following message bundle will be defaulted to `msg_Index`:

[source,java]
----
class Index {

    @MessageBundle
    interface Bundle {

        @Message("Hello {name}!")
        String hello(String name);
   }
}
----

> NOTE: The bundle name is also used as a part of the name of a localized file, e.g. `msg_Index` in the `msg_Index_de.properties`.

Reviewer: Does it fallback to `msg.properties` if the key is not defined in the `msg_Index.properties`?

Author: I think that it does fallback to the message from the default bundle (be it a file or a message interface). But I don't remember the details.
